# aapi-food-access-sd

## 1. Overview
This repository hosts code snippets of analysis and data for the AAPI food access project in San Diego.

- Paper reference:
    - Xie, R., Cao, Y., Yang J-A., Tribby, C. P., Voong, C., and Jankowska, M. M.. *Measuring Access to Culturally Appropriate Food and Associations with Diabetes among Asian Americans and Native Hawaiians or Pacific Islanders.* (in review)

- For questions, please contact Rujia Xie (rujiaxie5@gmail.com)


## 2. File Structures in This Repository

- *Analysis/*
	- `AsianFoodAccess_R.Rmd` contains the full R code used for statistical and spatial analysis in this study.

- *Data/*
	- `FullDataset_Input.xlsx` is the excel file with all the CT-level variables that are used in R for analysis. 

	- `FullDataset_with_OLS.xlsx` is the excel file that contains both the original variables and the OLS residuals generated by R.  It was imported to ArcGIS to test the spatial autocorrelation of the OLS residuals.

	- `SpatialDataset/SpatialDataset.*` folder contains multiple files, including geometry and attributes, that composite the spatial data (in shapefile format). This is generated by joining the `FullDataset_with_OLS.xlsx` with Census 2010 TIGER/Line Shapefiles using ArcGIS. `SpatialDataset.shp` was imported to R to for the Spatial Lag Regression model. 

	- `FullDataset_with_SLR.xlsx` is the excel file generated by R that contains both the original variables, the OLS residuals, and the SLR residuals.  This file is then used to test the spatial autocorrelation of the SLR residuals using ArcGIS.
